[MOCKING]
[AGREEMENT]
ASH
'Pikachu, don't give up.'
SERENA
'Ash, be quiet.'
ASH
'Uh..'
PIKACHU
[BASHFUL]
FRANK
'Cut. Cut. Hey.'
'Pika quiet on the set.'
ASH
'Sorry about that.'
FRANK
'Now then, let's get back to it'
'Pika‐pronto.'
'Scene twenty‐one.'
'Ready? Action.'
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up to
the test ♪
♪ There's only one way to tell
this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears and
show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH
"Lights. Camera. Pika."
NARRATOR While Ash dreams of
entering the Kalos League
our heroes continue
their journey.
Suddenly..
‐ Huh?
[HAPPY]
ASH
'What's going on?'
[gasps]
Look at all those Pikachu.
[AWE]
CLEMONT
'What is this place anyway?'
SERENA 'They look like they're
having so much fun.'
[EXCITED]
Maybe it's a Pikachu Party.
Alright, Pikachu.
Why don't we go see
what it's all about?
[AGREEMENT]
Me, too.
‐ Hey, wait up.
‐ Don't run.
[HAPPY]/[SHOCK]
What's this?
[EXCITED]
Such fluid movements.
[ECSTATIC]
FRANK That perfectly
pika‐proportioned body.
[AGREEMENT]
FRANK 'That Pikachu grabbed the
other Pikachu's attention'
'in less than an instant.'
'Now that's incredible
pika‐star power.'
Okay, everybody,
want to have some fun?
[AGREEMENT]
‐ 'Cut. Cut.'
‐ Huh?
I've never seen anything
like it, ever.
Is that your pika‐Pikachu?
‐ Uh, yeah.
‐ I pika‐love it.
Mr. Director?
Uh, director?
I want your fantabulous Pikachu
to star in the lead role
in my pika‐movie.
Uh, lead role?
You mean my Pikachu?
[CONFUSED]
A movie?
That's so cool, Pikachu.
Say pika‐yes, Pikachu.
My pika‐Pikachu star.
You'll make my pika‐movie shine
with your pika‐star power.
[ATTACK]
[screaming]
Pika‐fantastic.
Huh?
[chuckles]
FRANK 'This is Pikachu Manor,
my pika‐palatial estate'
'that I'm quite Pika‐proud of.'
BONNIE
'With a gazillion Pikachu.'
My name is Frank.
Nobody in the world loves
Pikachu more than pika‐me.
My name's Ash.
And this is my partner Pikachu.
[SALUTATIONS]
I'm Serena.
I'm Bonnie.
And this is Dedenne.
‐ And this is my big brother.
‐ I'm Clemont.
I'm Jean, and I basically help
out my grandfather. Hi there.
I thank you from
the bottom of my heart
for accepting the lead
role in my movie, Pikachu.
[AGREEMENT]
The lead, huh?
‐ Can we help out too?
‐ Yeah, I want to make a movie.
[EAGER]
Me, too.
It would certainly be
a lot of fun.
‐ Yeah, please?
‐ Sure.
‐ A pika‐pleasure, indeed.
‐ That's so nice.
Then allow me to introduce all
of you to my pika‐movie stars.
Everyone, please, come in
'in full pika‐costume.'
FRANK
'Pikachu Pop Star.'
[HAPPY]
FRANK
'Pikachu Rock Star.'
[FOCUSED]
FRANK
'Pikachu, a Ph. D.'
[HAPPY]
FRANK
'Pikachu Libre.'
[FOCUSED]
FRANK
'Pikachu Belle.'
[HAPPY]
‐ Wow.
‐ Ah.
They all look so cute
in their costumes.
‐ Like real movie stars.
‐ Yeah, yeah.
Your Pikachu's perfect for
the lead role in my pika‐movie.
So let's work as a team.
And make it a pika‐blockbuster.
[cheering]
[laughing]
‐ Feast your eyes on the script.
‐ The script, huh?
It contains every detail
of the characters actions
and all of their lines as well.
‐ Hold on.
‐ Clemont, what's up?
It's the script, there are only
three pages written.
'The rest are blank.
So does that mean..'
[laughs]
The script as of yet
is unfinished.
Say what?
But I already know
the pika‐plot.
I just haven't put pen
to pika‐paper yet.
How do you work
without a script?
With my pika‐passion
for moviemaking
and my pika‐love for
Pikachu, it's a cinch.
[UNSURE]
You're a genius. So cool.
Oh, you're sweet to think so
highly of me, pika‐Bonnie.
A truly nice thing to say.
[laughing]
Of course, that can only mean
the future is now
thanks to science.
Clemontic Brain, on.
‐ I'll complete your script.
‐ Oh, for little ol' pika‐me?
That's my big brother.
[GRATEFUL]/[PLEASED]
[PLEASED]/[BASHFUL]
[EXCITED]
Uh..
We're counting on you.
And together we'll make
a Pika‐blockbuster.
Alright.
Ready? This will be
a pika‐superhero movie.
Thus begins the story.
FRANK 'Pikachuland is having
a festival'
'when the evil Pikachu Libre
suddenly mounts a pikattack.'
Pikachu Ph. D.
and Pikachu Rock Star
battle Pikachu Libre
but the entire ordeal
ends in pika‐defeat.
And that's when Super Pikachu
arrives to save the day, right?
Right, and Pikachuland is safe
once again
thanks to Super Pikachu.
But the hero
in a superhero movie
needs to lose at least once.
Oh. We'll use that brilliant
pika‐plan.
CLEMONT 'This story is getting
better by the minute.'
FRANK
'Yes. Such pikacitement.'
[laughing]
Thanks so much for helping my
grandfather realize his dream.
It's fun.
Sure is. Your grandfather
really loves Pikachu.
Hmm.
Very much, he always told me
'there was a Pikachu by his side
ever since he was a kid.'
He's a bit unusual,
but his love for Pikachu
is stronger than anyone else
I've ever met.
And that's why
I really want to help
make my grandfather's dream
come true.
Your help means so very much
to me. Thank you so much.
You really care about your
grandfather, don't you?
‐ Hmm.
‐ Awesome.
We'll make it work,
no matter what.
[AGREEMENT]
FRANK
'"How To Make A Pikachu Movie."'
'Ready? Action.'
This camera's ready to roll.
Standing by with sound.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
FRANK
'Lights ready?'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
‐ Smoke?
‐ Weezing, ready to go?
[EXERTION]
Whoa.
Everyone ready to rock?
[EXCITED]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Are you sure you want to shoot
way down here?
It's Pika‐perfect, as long as
we have those blue screens
we can transform it
into a dramatic
background later,
using Pika‐CGI.
Wow. Yay.
We're all set to roll here.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Let's get to
the pika‐production.
Ready? Action.
[EXERTION]/[UPSET]
[MOCKING]
PIKACHU
[DETERMINED]
[SHOCKED]
[FOCUSED]
‐ Alright, cue lightning.
‐ Okay, go.
[EXERTION]
[screaming]
[ANGRY]
Gurdurr, raise
the microphone higher.
[EXERTION]
Quick, we need some more smoke.
‐ 'And cut.'
‐ Huh?
Hey, what are you doing, Serena?
Documenting.
Behind the scenes.
SERENA
'So what's happening next?'
The next scene we're going
to film with Pikachu
could get a little dangerous.
To be safe, we're using
a stunt double.
Ready to go, Hawlucha?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Camera rolling.
And Action.
[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]/[FLAMETHROWER ATTACK]
[FOCUSED]
[REASSURE]
[ANGRY]
And cut. Pika‐perfection.
[GRATEFUL]
Awesome, Hawlucha.
[PROUD]
PIKACHU/BRAIXEN/HAWLUCHA/GURDURR
[CONTENT]
At the moment, the whole crew
is on break.
For a little bite to eat.
[laughing]
Wow, your Pikachu
is a true pika‐pro.
It's obvious that you've
raised it pika‐perfectly.
Thanks a lot, Frank.
[laughs]
[BASHFUL]
Those two sure are embarrassed.
Now, let's interview
the director.
SERENA 'Frank, how did you come
to love Pikachu so much?'
'Your thoughts, please.'
[chuckles]
Pikachu have always been
a part of my life.
FRANK 'Why, I can't talk about
me'
'without talking about
Pikachu.'
FRANK You see, I was always sick
when I was a young child.
But somehow, Pikachu managed to
help keep my spirits up.
Whenever I cried, Pikachu was
always there to comfort me.
When I was a young lad
around your age
we traveled together,
like you do.
We laughed together.
we struggled together.
And shared much happiness
together.
When I found myself in despair
Pikachu was always
there for me.
Pikachu brought me more smiles
than I could ever mention.
That's why I want to share
all of those smiles
with children around the world
through my movie.
FRANK
'This is my dream.'
[AGREEMENT]
Mm‐hmm.
It'll be great.
Everyone'll love it.
No doubt.
[AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE
Mm‐hmm.
And cut.
We've got every scene
safely in the can.
It's a pika‐wrap.
‐ Alright.
‐ Yay. Yay.
[RELIEVED]
MAGNEMITE/GURDURR
[IMPRESSED]/[PLEASED]
Now, all that's left is editing
the film in post‐production.
And, of course,
adding glorious sound.
FRANK 'Folks, we've got
ourselves a movie.'
[cheering]
FRANK '"Lightning fast.
Brave and strong.'
Super Pikachu."
Thanks to everyone's help
my movie is finally
a pika‐reality.
FRANK 'I hope you will
thoroughly enjoy'
'our pika‐preview.'
[laughing]
[reel whirring]
[FIERCE]
FRANK
This is Pikachuland.
A beautiful, peaceful
little town
built and inhabited by
a happy group of Pikachu.
Our twentieth year,
congratulations.
It's like a dream, isn't it?
[laughing]
[engine revving]
PIKACHU LIBRE
'Yeee‐hawww.'
[screaming]
[coughing]
[laughing]
Look. Starting today,
I run this town.
What do you mean?
We built this
precious little town
all ourselves.
And it doesn't belong to you.
See?
[PROUD]
Get them, now.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
[MOCKING]
[CONCERN]/[PAINED]
‐ Doctor.
‐ Rock.
‐ What's going on?
‐ Huh?
Who are you?
I refuse to allow
your evil deeds.
‐ It's Super Pikachu.
‐ Super?
[EXERTION]
Get them.
Stay back. I'll handle this.
Hi‐yahhh.
[PAINED]
[HAPPY]
[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
Now what, Super Pikachu?
[grunts]
Scoundrel.
Here, take this.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PAINED]
PIKACHU LIBRE
[MOCKING]
[PAINED]
‐ You okay?
‐ Be strong.
[laughing]
If you want them back
come to the top of that mountain
all by yourself.
I'll make super‐quick
work out of you.
[tires screeching]
[MOCKING]
[ANGRY]
[PAINED]
Super Pikachu.
Please, stay right here.
You must rest.
Uh, not possible.
But you've been injured.
Super?
Everyone. Let's follow.
[CONCERNED]
But if we follow,
what good will that do?
Stop it.
That hurts. Gently, please.
[MOCKING]
‐ 'No more.'
‐ Hmm?
I'm alone.
So let them go right now.
[laughing]
You sure are naive. Too bad.
[ELECTRO BALL ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
While it's true none of us
have super powers
or the capability
to take flight
we do have the will
to protect our town
'together.'
'It's called
the power of unity.'
[PAINED]
[laughing]
And now it's time to face
the fact
that you've never had
a chance against us.
[AGREEMENT]
Run, Super, run.
Don't you worry about us.
I could never do that.
No matter how beat up
this body gets
I'll never give up,
no matter what.
That's right. Keep talking
until you're blue in the face.
Good bye, Super.
[SHOCK]
‐ Super, are you okay?
‐ Looks like we made it in time.
Everyone.
Why you.
Huh? No way.
We're rocking together.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[PANICKED]
[explosion]
I won't forget this.
PIKACHU DARK
[PANICKED]
‐ There.
‐ Thank you, Super.
You saved us.
Well then, I'll be on my way.
[EXERTION]
FRANK And so, the majesty of
Super Pikachu's unrelenting
courage along with that of the
brave and proud townsfolk
saved Pikachuland.
And they all lived
happily ever after.
[sobbing]
[AWE]/[HAPPY]
[laughing]
[HAPPY]
Awesome.
That was wonderful.
[HAPPY]
What a movie.
I'm such a fan.
Mm‐hmm, thank you all.
Thank you all.
NARRATOR Director Frank's
Pikachu movie is complete.
Filled to the brim with his
obvious affection for Pikachu
this masterpiece is sure
to bring smiles to
countless children everywhere.
And, so, we'll see you
at the movies.
Till then,
the balcony is closed..
[laughs]
...as our heroes
journey continues.
FRANK And now, "The Very Best
Of Super Pikachu's
Back‐Slapping Bloopers."
Ready? Action.
[FEROCIOUS]
FRANK
'Cut.'
'Too scary.'
[BASHFUL]
Our twentieth year.
Congratulations.
It's like a dream, isn't it?
Hmm, what's wrong?
Did I mess up?
CLEMONT
'One more time. Take two.'
Our twentieth year.
Congratulations.
It smells like a dream.
[groans]
‐ Are you okay?
‐ 'Take three.'
Our twentieth congratulations.
‐ 'Not yet.'
‐ Twentieth congratulations?
[engine revving]
[SCARED]
[MOCKING]
No, no. Wrong.
SERENA
'That's Frank, our director.'
'He loves Pikachu,
and they love him, too.'
[whimpering]
SERENA 'Jean is our director's
trusted assistant.'
'She can film, do makeup,
and a million other things.'
'Time for Pikachu's makeup.'
BONNIE 'I'll do it.
This is how you do the cheeks.'
SERENA
'Uh, that may be a bit much.'
[CONTENT]
SERENA
'Now how did that happen?'
[laughing]
SERENA 'That's Clemont, he's in
charge of the script.'
Alright now,
regarding this one line, huh.
[giggles]
I'm Clemont. Hello.
SERENA
'Sorry to bother you.'
'And this is Ash, he helps
everyone with everything.'
[CONFUSED]
SERENA
'It's upside down.'
[ANGRY]
[STUNNED]/[EMBARRASSED]
ASH
'Don't worry, Pikachu.'
[coughing]
FRANK
'Cut.'
[EXERTION]
[BASHFUL]/[CONFUSED]
ASH
'Wrong spot, Hawlucha.'
[CONFUSED]
[BASHFUL]
FRANK
'Cut.'
[BASHFUL]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
That's all folks.
BONNIE
'Pika.'